README.md, before:

# Solana Developers course challenges
My Solana Developers course challenges results

## Introduction to cryptography and Solana clients
[Link to the course](https://solana.com/developers/courses/intro-to-solana)

### Read Data From The Solana Network
The **Lab section** of the document guides users through coding exercises that demonstrate how to **connect to the Solana Devnet**, **retrieve the balance** of a specified **Solana wallet address**, and obtain free Devnet SOL for testing.

[Link to the lesson](https://solana.com/developers/courses/intro-to-solana/intro-to-reading-data)

#### Challenge 1
```typescript
import { Connection, LAMPORTS_PER_SOL, PublicKey } from "@solana/web3.js";
 
const suppliedPublicKey = process.argv[2];
if (!suppliedPublicKey) {
  throw new Error("Provide a public key to check the balance of!");
}
 
const connection = new Connection("https://api.devnet.solana.com", "confirmed");
const publicKey = new PublicKey(suppliedPublicKey);
const balanceInLamports = await connection.getBalance(publicKey);
const balanceInSOL = balanceInLamports / LAMPORTS_PER_SOL;
 
console.log(
  `✅ Finished! The balance for the wallet at address ${publicKey} is ${balanceInSOL}!`,
);
```

Modify the script as follows:

Add instructions to handle invalid wallet addresses.
Modify the script to connect to mainNet and look up some famous Solana wallets. Try toly.sol, shaq.sol or mccann.sol.

| Challenge | Status |
|-----------|--------|
| Challenge 1 | [Solved](./course01/lesson02/check-balance.ts) |


## Installation
Install TypeScript, Solana web3.js and esrun
```bash
npm install typescript @solana/web3.js@1 esrun @solana-developers/helpers@2
```

Commit message:

Adds Challenge 2 to README
Documents the solution to Challenge 2, which involves creating a script to transfer SOL between accounts on Devnet.

README.md, after:

# Solana Developers course challenges
My Solana Developers course challenges results

## Introduction to cryptography and Solana clients
[Link to the course](https://solana.com/developers/courses/intro-to-solana)

### Read Data From The Solana Network
The **Lab section** of the document guides users through coding exercises that demonstrate how to **connect to the Solana Devnet**, **retrieve the balance** of a specified **Solana wallet address**, and obtain free Devnet SOL for testing.

[Link to the lesson](https://solana.com/developers/courses/intro-to-solana/intro-to-reading-data)

#### Challenge 1
```typescript
import { Connection, LAMPORTS_PER_SOL, PublicKey } from "@solana/web3.js";
 
const suppliedPublicKey = process.argv[2];
if (!suppliedPublicKey) {
  throw new Error("Provide a public key to check the balance of!");
}
 
const connection = new Connection("https://api.devnet.solana.com", "confirmed");
const publicKey = new PublicKey(suppliedPublicKey);
const balanceInLamports = await connection.getBalance(publicKey);
const balanceInSOL = balanceInLamports / LAMPORTS_PER_SOL;
 
console.log(
  `✅ Finished! The balance for the wallet at address ${publicKey} is ${balanceInSOL}!`,
);
```

Modify the script as follows:

Add instructions to handle invalid wallet addresses.
Modify the script to connect to mainNet and look up some famous Solana wallets. Try toly.sol, shaq.sol or mccann.sol.

| Challenge | Status |
|-----------|--------|
| Challenge 1 | [Solved](./course01/lesson02/check-balance.ts) |

#### Challenge 2
Go ahead and create a script from scratch that will allow you to transfer SOL from one account to another on Devnet. Be sure to print out the transaction signature so you can look at it on Solana Explorer.

| Challenge | Status |
|-----------|--------|
| Challenge 2 | [Solved](./course01/lesson05/transfer.ts) |

## Installation
Install TypeScript, Solana web3.js and esrun
```bash
npm install typescript @solana/web3.js@1 esrun @solana-developers/helpers@2
```
